Online Zhao-Carr microphysics emulation (#218)
VulcanClimateModeling/fv3gfs-fortran: emulation/README.md

emulation
=========

This is a stripped down set of modules for adding into a prognostic run using `call_py_fort`.  It's currently used to create training datasets directly from data from the microphysics parameterization.

> The interaction points with python are located in `GFS_physics_driver.f90` as the `set_state` or `get_state` commands.  These are enabled for the emulation image (compiled using `make build_emulation`) when `-DENABLE_CALLPYFORT` is passed to the compiler.

Reviewer: I think this documentation is still helpful since downstream projects would like to know how to compile the model with these emulation hooks. The example snippet can still be deleted below, but this could also be a good place to document what variables are saved and what variables are read back in by call py fort.

Author: Added this back in with information on variables

> This is a basic package interface to test the call_py_fort calls from fv3gfs.  It will be overridden by our ML package in fv3net.

Reviewer: I would consider documenting here how the `emulation` package can be extended and how it interacts with the name list flags.

```suggestion
A basic implementation of `emulation` is provided to test the call_py_fort calls from fv3gfs.  Downstream projects should provide their own definitions `emulation` package by defining two functions the two functions `store`  and `microphysics`.

```
